Add reference to node themekit in the docs (#843)
Shopify/themekit: docs/index.md

curl -s https://shopify.github.io/themekit/scripts/install.py | sudo python
```

### Node Package

> If you want to integrate themekit into your web tools, there is a node wrapper around themekit available on npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to integrate Theme Kit into your build process there is a Node wrapper around Theme Kit available on npm.
```
